(Inpatient)
=The Silent Rift=
=Episode 13=
(I Want Noodles)
Rewind a bit.
Stop.
Zoom in a bit.
Yes, go on.
Officer Zhu, please come out
for a moment.
Hold on, this person is likely the one
who smashed the tombstones.
Come out!
Pause here.
Let me ask you.
Was it you who spread the false news
that my master is about to wake up?
Your master...
Please answer my question.
Now is not the time
to answer these questions.
The key now is to find that person.
The task force members
are already looking for him.
I just want to know. Did you spread
the false news about my master?
I've considered all the consequences.
There won't be any problems.
"There won't be any problems."
I can't believe you.
How could my master be lying here then?
For 18 years.
And what about Officer Du?
My master is in such a state,
yet you still want to use him.
What are you trying to do?
The higher-ups transferred you back
to handle the case out of pity.
They want to fulfill your wish.
Everyone at the station is handling you
with kid gloves. Can't you see it?
I'm warning you.
If anything happens
to my master again, I won't let you off.
I truly feel sorry for my master
for having a buddy like you.
Quanyi.
What are you doing?
Where's Lin Shan?
I've moved him to another room.
- Are you hurt?
- It's nothing serious.
Zhu, what are you doing?
I'm avenging Laosan and Laosi.
Like this?
Using Laosan's safety as bait
is a violation. Don't you know?
There's no surveillance
in the stairwell.
No clue on their numbers,
weapons or intent.
If anything happened to you two,
how could I face them?
There's no time left.
I have to take the risk
to see if there's a chance.
Take the risk, right?
Starting today,
you are
off the 6.10 case.
I'll transfer you out of the task force
and detain you.
We'll hold a meeting.
Zhang Wei, is there any new information
from Meng Guangcai?
Master, Chief Liu
has made it very clear.
Now, every member knows,
so please don't make it harder for me.
That cleaner in the hospital.
He definitely knows
something about the robbery.
Just from his intent to kill Lin Shan,
he definitely took part.
Do you know?
I do.
I was in close contact with him
in the hospital at the time.
From his age and height,
I'm sure he is definitely not Zuo Long.
Now, Zuo Long and Ma Zhongwu
can be ruled out.
They're just red herrings.
Spending our time on these two
is a complete waste.
Master!
Can you just leave this case to me?
I've remembered everything you said.
It's fine.
Master.
Master, even though your action
was a bit inappropriate,
it did uncover many new clues.
Now, Captain Li
is watching Meng Guangcai.
The other members
are investigating the cleaner.
Don't be too upset.
Any new lead from Meng Guangcai?
Master, you're not
in the task force now.
I have rules to follow. I can't say.
Can you give me some hints
without breaching rules and principles?
I can give you some advice
and help you strategize.
Is that okay?
Master, personally, I think
Meng Guangcai is acting
a bit strange this time.
It's been a few days.
I've given you food and drinks,
and you haven't moved at all.
What do you want?
I don't want you.
I want to see Zhu Helai.
Now, I'm in charge of your case.
Why?
What happened to Zhu Helai?
That's none of your concern.
Meng Guangcai did
a complete one-eighty this time.
The only reason is
that we showed him
the results of the DNA test.
I'm puzzled too.
When he first saw the result,
learning that Meng Xiaoliang
wasn't his biological son,
he wasn't that agitated.
(Probability of paternity: 0.9999%)
But after this second result came out,
showing no relation
to Jiao Lijun, he was shocked.
I believe Meng Guangcai knew all along
that Meng Xiaoliang isn't his own son.
Zhang Wei, remember when I took you
to investigate Meng Guangcai years ago?
I told you.
Before Xue Qin married Meng Guangcai,
she and Jiao Lijun were into each other.
Even if she didn't tell
Meng Guangcai she'd been raped,
I believe Meng Guangcai
started suspecting long ago
she'd had an affair with Jiao Lijun.
That doesn't add up.
Now, the results are out,
showing no connection to Jiao Lijun.
Why does he seem even more devastated?
From Shaguai Village
to where I am today,
every step I took
was crystal clear.
But officer,
there's one thing I've been racking
my brain over these past few days.
Please tell me, who is
Meng Xiaoliang's biological father?
So that's what you want to ask.
You know all along Meng Xiaoliang
isn't your biological son, right?
We know even if you don't say it.
Because when you learned
Meng Xiaoliang's DNA didn't match yours,
you weren't surprised at all.
So, when did you find out?
Years ago in Shaguai Village,
I fought Zuo Long and got injured.
I thought I was young,
so I just rested for a while
and felt like I'd recovered.
A few years ago,
I got a checkup.
Based on the test results,
your vas deferens is blocked.
So I can't father children?
Probability-wise,
it's basically impossible.
That's when I realized
Xiaoliang isn't my child.
Then whose child is he?
Jiao Lijun's?
After all, Lijun
and Xue Qin once
liked each other.
I...
I misunderstood Lijun for years,
blocked his advancement in the group
and even considered firing him.
But now, you tell me the child
has no relation to Jiao Lijun?
I
have wronged Lijun.
I've wronged my buddy
for all these years.
Xue Qin must have known
the truth all along.
Why didn't she tell me?
Calm down.
So this is why you won't eat?
Listen, officer, once I'm out,
even if I have to turn
Beiyan upside down,
I will find that man.
I won't let him get away.
So you still deny
your involvement in the 6.10 case?
No.
Definitely not. Absolutely not.
Right now, I just want to figure out
who Meng Xiaoliang's father really is.
You must know. Officer, please tell me.
Just tell me who his father is.
Is Meng Guangcai
genuinely desperate to know
who Meng Xiaoliang's father is?
Master, I think you
might be overthinking this.
If he doesn't want to know that,
what does he want to know?
As the chairman of Caisheng Group,
if he gets out,
with his resources,
getting to the bottom
of that would be easy.
Why now?
Why reopen old wounds
in front of the police?
So by your logic,
this doesn't benefit him at all.
What's he after?
He's too proud.
This kind of self-exposure,
airing his grievances,
isn't something he'd do lightly.
He must have another motive.
Meng Guangcai,
whatever's eating at you,
you need to eat
and cooperate with us.
Don't hold onto false hope.
Do you think starving yourself
will change your situation?
Let me tell you, it's useless.
(Meng Guangcai once had me fooled.)
Who knows what trick
he's pulling this time?
Master, listen,
just hand this case over to us.
I'll keep your warnings in mind.
Maybe he told the truth.
Maybe only part of it.
Maybe he knew
Meng Xiaoliang isn't his child.
Just not sure
who exactly his father is.
Maybe after seeing the DNA test results,
he actually confirmed
who exactly it is.
Then who could it be?
For him to be so shaken
that his hair went gray overnight,
it must be someone he deeply despised.
And the person
must have been involved in the robbery.
Is there such a person?
Yes.
There once was.
(Beiyan City Hospital, 2006)
(Huang Mantang)
I found him. Huang Mantang, right?
Yes.
Yes, he did die of lung cancer.
I remember this guy quite well.
A few businessmen brought him in
and said they were his fellow villagers.
But he was brought in a bit too late,
and he passed away not long after.
Back then,
wasn't there nothing you wouldn't do?
What's the matter now?
You've made it big,
but you've turned into cowards?
Jiao Lijun, if you
don't have the guts to kill me,
give me some money.
Let me go.
(Chai Daqing)
This is your new identity.
Alright.
Okay.
Seems you put a lot of thought
into my little situation.
No problem, Lijun.
Call me whatever you like.
Lijun,
can you guarantee that every day,
I get a hit?
Lijun.
Starting today, never leave our sight.
Don't worry, Lijun.
I'll listen to everything you say.
I go wherever you tell me to go.
Follow Yonghui from now on.
Go wherever he tells you to go.
Okay, Lijun.
Don't worry, Lijun.
Yonghui, you've grown so big.
Don't you remember?
When you were little,
you always played with me.
I even taught you how to play with guns.
I don't have Lijun's good temper.
One more word,
and I'll make you rot here.
As long as the stuff is good,
I'll be your dog.
Yonghui.
From now on, the Huang Mantang
we know is dead.
Chai Daqing is yours now.
Guangcai, what did I say back then?
Huang Mantang
has always been a scoundrel.
He's always the troublemaker.
You should have listened
to me and just killed him.
The best way.
He is a scoundrel,
but we are not.
Zhu Helai is watching us like a hawk.
If we kill him now,
the risk is too great.
His connections were complicated.
If after the 1993 robbery,
he suddenly vanished,
the police would suspect him.
Luckily, one of our construction workers
has lung cancer.
We replace his medical records.
That's a decent end to Huang Mantang.
He really gets off easy.
But now,
Zhu is watching us.
What if he digs this up? What do we do?
If it really comes to that,
we'll have no other choice.
Huang Mantang must die.
No matter who's out there,
once the final signal is sent,
it means things are critical.
(Crack down on crime.
Protect the people.)
(Police)
Not eating, not drinking, not sleeping.
Captain Li, this could turn bad.
Call a doctor.
Meng Guangcai, I know you can hear me.
This hunger strike and self-harm act
you're pulling now is pointless.
If you really think you're innocent,
you should cooperate with us.
I...
am willing to cooperate.
What did you say?
Meng Guangcai.
I am willing to cooperate.
Good, then eat something, okay?
I really want to go back to Shaguai.
I really want to eat Mr. Chen's noodles.
Eat Mr. Chen's noodles.
Ms. Li, someone is here for you.
Officer Zhu, please have a seat.
I've already told
the police what I know.
I know.
My colleague has already spoken
with you about Caisheng Group.
I came today to discuss
something else with you.
What else about me
could possibly interest you?
It's not about the present.
It's about something that happened
when you weren't called Li Fen.
I'll be direct.
When you were a child, did you witness
the 6.10 credit union robbery case?
Don't be nervous.
It's normal if you can't remember.
You were very young
when I worked on the case.
I remember in 1993,
your family lived in the factory dorm
in Beiyan County, right?
Less than 200 meters away
from the credit union.
In 1993, you weren't yet called Li Fen.
Your father passed away that year.
Then your mother remarried
and took you away from Beiyan County.
Your current surname
is your stepfather's, correct?
That's right.
You must have known
about the robbery case in 1993.
Or perhaps you were
actually at the scene?
Can you tell me anything?
I don't remember
the specifics clearly anymore.
I just remember hearing several gunshots
and seeing some people
running out of there.
That's all in the past. What do you mean
by bringing this up now?
These old matters
have new developments now.
Are you saying
that Mr. Meng's arrest
is related to the 1993 robbery case?
Officer Zhu, tell me.
Does Mr. Meng have
any connection to the robbery?
Li Fen, what do you think?
Is Mr. Meng connected to the case?
Take your time. Think it over.
Try to recall carefully.
No matter what you remember,
whether it's about the robbery
or about Meng Guangcai, you can tell me.
Also, please keep
our conversation today confidential.
Don't tell anyone.
By the way, Li Fen,
no matter what your relationship
with Meng Guangcai is like,
I still have to warn you.
Be careful of him
and his people.
Huifen.
Why are you here?
To pick you up.
Well, that's a first.
Can't I try to be sweet for once?
You should use that time
to spend it with Qianqian.
She's grown up.
She doesn't need company.
She's very self-disciplined.
What's wrong?
Nothing. I just wanted
to be nice to you.
Stop interrogating me.
You're more like a cop than me.
But I'm not off work yet. You're early.
I'll wait.
Okay.
Nothing happening with Principal Chen
these few days, right?
Nothing.
Yeah, figures. Most of them
have already been caught.
Oh, right. Wang from the kitchen
came to the noodle shop.
(Rongfa Noodle Shop)
He did?
He...
came for a bit and then left
carrying something.
Meng Guangcai, the plain noodles
you wanted are here.
Meng Guangcai,
I hope you'll keep your promise.
Now, cooperate with our investigation.
Officer,
I've been cooperating all along.
I've already told you
everything I know.
If there's anything else
I can help with,
I certainly will.
(Police)
Master.
Mr. Zhu, what's wrong?
Did he eat that bowl of noodles?
Captain Zhang,
why tell outsiders our case details?
Tell me, did Meng Guangcai
eat that bowl of noodles?
What's with your attitude?
It's not your case, got it?
There's a huge problem
with that bowl of noodles!
Why didn't you consult me
before doing anything?
Who are you?
Why would I need to consult you?
This is my master!
Captain Li, team unity.
Master, don't worry.
Here's what happened.
Captain Li brought this up. I agreed.
We wanted to use Meng's
most vulnerable state to get him...
Vulnerable?
Meng Guangcai? Vulnerable?
Which one of you truly knows him?
Meng Guangcai is about
to be released very soon.
What tricks can he pull now?
This is exactly
when he's most likely to pull tricks.
I had someone buy the noodles.
Wang from the kitchen bought them
and checked them thoroughly.
What tricks could he possibly pull?
Officer Zhu.
Hello, Li Fen? This is Zhu Helai.
I'm near your home. Could we meet?
I'm at the small garden here.
Okay, I'll be right there.
Come on, one more time.
Chuchu, play by yourself, okay?
Okay.
How's the release of shares going?
Uncle, it's a sensitive time right now.
Many people are watching
Caisheng's every move.
If you release shares now,
that's basically telling everyone
you've lost confidence in Caisheng.
That will make
Caisheng Group's situation even tougher.
Forget Caisheng Group! Is now really
the time for you to manage the company?
Meng Guangcai has been in for a month.
He probably can't even save himself.
Everyone's busy distancing
themselves from him.
But cashing out your shares,
I can't make that decision alone.
I know, so I'm asking you to find a way.
You can't side with others now.
You aren't Meng Guangcai's wife.
E-Even husband and wife flee
separately when disaster strikes.
Forget it. C-Come out. Let's talk.
It's too late now. Let's talk tomorrow.
Chuchu, play for a bit
and then we'll go home.
Okay.
Come on, I will swing you.
Come on.
Li Fen.
Chuchu, play by yourself, okay?
Officer Zhu, I've already said
everything I know.
Why don't you just say it here?
I still want to ask
about the robbery case.
Last time, you said you didn't remember
how many robbers there were.
Can you recall anything
about the robbers' features?
Height, build,
or anything else you can remember.
I was young then.
They just flashed past me.
I really can't remember clearly.
Think harder.
Even vague memories can be valuable.
Officer Zhu, I was just a kid back then.
Don't come to me again.
I really can't help.
Really.
Alright then.
Think it over.
If you remember anything valuable
or strange,
you can call and tell me.
Okay, Officer Zhu.
Chuchu, let's go home.
Did you have fun?
(Caisheng Building)
This is the only way to see you.
About the share transfer agreement,
even if I stamp it,
it still needs Mr. Meng's signature.
I know the procedure better than you.
For a financial company's share change,
only the person in charge needs to sign.
If you still consider me your uncle,
hurry up and sign this for me, will you?
Don't think having his child
guarantees you high status.
If you're smart, you'd leave
yourself an escape route now.
I'm your uncle. I wouldn't harm you.
Sign it.
I'll get the money and leave Beiyan,
and you and Chuchu won't be left out.
Where will you go?
I can go anywhere.
If I don't leave now,
I might not be able to later.
My fault. Why did I put my chips on him?
Caisheng got so big.
Full of dirty secrets.
Could Meng Guangcai, a mere laborer,
really build such a big business?
You scared me. Is that any way
to greet someone, Yonghui?
Mr. Xie, my brother-in-law
will be released.
Caisheng is still here.
You changed sides too early.
Anyway, you can run but you can't hide.
I'll wait.
Waiting and waiting,
it's still come to this desperate point.
Is there really no other way?
If you do this now,
it's basically exposing yourself.
Qin.
If there were any other way,
Guangcai wouldn't have signaled.
The guy I placed
at the noodle shop told me
last night, the police sent someone
to buy noodles from Mr. Chen's shop.
So Guangcai thinks things are heading
in the worst possible direction.
No matter what,
we proceed as planned.
Yonghui.
Let's leave together.
Leave together, okay?
We'll give up everything
with Caisheng Group.
We'll find a new place and live.
I just want you
and Xiaoliang to be safe.
What about Guangcai?
Qin.
Don't worry.
Nothing will go wrong.
I'll come get you as soon as I finish.
You and Xiaoliang hurry up and pack.
I really wish
we had never left Shaguai Village.
Chuchu.
How's it going?
Let's take a break and have fruit.
Here, eat an orange.
Is it sweet?
Where are you at?
Here.
(Search: Xue Yonghui)
Mr. Yonghui, where are we going? Let me.
We're driving this car?
Enough talk.
DUI, huh?
It's fine.
I-I-I can drive.
I'll drive.
Qin.
It's time to go.
Chuchu, wait for Mom.
Let's go.
What's wrong, Mom?
Nothing. Let's go.
Mom, I want ice cream.
No, ice cream will
give you a tummy ache.
I will buy you some tomorrow, okay?
Okay then.
Let's go buy fruit.
See what you want to eat.
Mom, I want apples.
Apples? Okay, you pick.
One.
I want this one.
Three.
Four.
Four. Let's go.
Do you want bananas?
Yes.
See if you can reach it.
- So heavy.
- You're getting taller, Chuchu.
Here, we're paying.
Mom, grown-ups have to keep their word.
You promised to buy me
ice cream tomorrow.
I will.
Okay.
Don't run off, Chuchu.
Thank you.
Chuchu, let's go.
Chuchu.
Chuchu!
Chuchu! Can anyone help?
Chuchu, please.
Li Fen.
Did you remember something?
Officer Zhu, my daughter is missing!
=The Silent Rift=